313 133 new requirements (#317)
OWASP/owasp-masvs: CHANGELOG.md

- Added a little more description on paid content.
- Requirement MSTG‑ARCH‑11 added to include a Responsible Disclosure policy for L2 applications.
- Requirement MSTG‑ARCH‑12 added to show application developers that relevant international privacy laws should be followed.
- Created a consistent style for all references in the English version.
- Requirement MSTG‑PLATFORM‑11 added to counter spying via third party keyboards.

> - Requirement MSTG-MSTG‑RESILIENCE‑13 to implede eavesdropping at an application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Requirement MSTG-MSTG‑RESILIENCE‑13 added to impede eavesdropping at an application.
```
